Lin Yan, I have already found someone to bring it
May, you are now a dog of Si Jingchen
Do you think I will still believe what you say?
Uncommunicable union
Lin Fan, you do everything possible to oppose me
There must be something behind the scenes
Cut the crap
Hand over the golden tiger talisman and jade lamp
I will spare you
Spare me
I'm afraid you're saying the opposite.
I waited a year
Waiting for your dog's life today
Lin Fan, if you want to die now
I can fulfill you right now
Come on, you killed my sister a year ago
Are you going to kill me now?
Come on, your sister is not dead at all
Not dead, not dead, you bring her to me
How did you come?
dare not dare
Car accident! Traffic jam!